---
title: Terms of service
description: 
author: hferrone
ms.author: v-hferrone
ms.date: 02/10/2021
ms.topic: article
ms.localizationpriority: high
keywords: 
---

# Terms of service

**END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND TERMS OF SERVICE**

**Effective Date: October 3, 2017**
**Last Updated Date: July 28, 2020**

IF YOU LIVE IN (OR YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 10. IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVE

This End User License Agreement and Terms of Service (this **“EULA”**) is a binding contract between you, an individual user (**“you”**) and Microsoft Corporation (**“AltVR**,” **“we**,” **“us”** or **“our”**) governing your use of any websites, mobile applications or other software (including without limitation, any software development kits) and/or other online services or properties owned or controlled by AltVR (collectively, the **“Service”**).  **BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS EULA.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, THEN YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE**.   

Material Terms and Notices:  As provided in greater detail in this EULA (and without limiting the express language of this EULA), you acknowledge the following:

* the Service is licensed to you, not sold to you, and you may use the Service only as set forth in this EULA;
* the use of the Service may be subject to separate third party terms of service and fees, including, without limitation, such terms of service and fees imposed by your mobile network operator (the “Carrier”), including fees charged for data usage and overage, which are your sole responsibility;
* you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personally identifiable information in accordance with the Microsoft Privacy Statementaka.ms/privacy (“Privacy Policy”);
* the Service is provided “as is” without warranties of any kind and AltVR’s liability to you is limited.

**1. General Terms and Conditions.**
    1. Consideration.  AltVR currently provides free access to the Service to each User (defined in Section 2.a below), for each User’s personal enjoyment and/or self-expression.  In return for this free access, you acknowledge and agree that AltVR may generate revenues, increase goodwill, or otherwise increase the value of AltVR from your use of the Service or AltVR’s Use (defined in Section 5.c) of your User Content (defined in Section 5.a), and you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill, or value.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, AltVR in its sole discretion may choose to implement a fee-based model for access to and/or use of certain aspects of the Service.  If AltVR conditions access on the payment of a fee, then we will notify you in advance of any such fees and obtain your express consent prior to charging you for access.  
    2. Changes to this EULA.  You understand and agree that AltVR may change this EULA at any time without prior notice. AltVR will endeavor to provide you with prior notice of any material changes.  You may read a current, effective copy of this EULA at any time by selecting the appropriate link on the Service.  The revised EULA will become effective at the time of posting and your use of the Service after such time will constitute your acceptance of such revised EULA.  If any change to this EULA is not acceptable to you, then your sole remedy is to stop accessing, browsing and otherwise using the Service.  The terms of this EULA will govern any updates AltVR provides to you that replace and/or supplement any portion of the Service, unless the upgrade is accompanied by a separate license or revised EULA, in which case the terms of that license or revised EULA will govern.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this Section 1.b, no revisions to this EULA will apply to any dispute between you and AltVR that arose prior to the effective date of such revision.
    3. Privacy Policy.  Your access to and use of the Service is also subject to AltVR’s Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated into this EULA by reference.
    4. Jurisdictional Issues.  AltVR makes no representation that materials on the Service are appropriate, lawful or available for use in any locations other than the United States of America.  Those who choose to access or use the Service from locations outside the United States of America do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Access to the Service from jurisdictions where the contents or practices of the Service are illegal, unauthorized or penalized is strictly prohibited.
    5. Eligibility.  THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 13 OR FOR ANY USERS PREVIOUSLY SUSPENDED OR REMOVED FROM THE SERVICE BY AltVR.  IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.  Furthermore, by using the Service, you affirm that either you are at least 18 years of age or have been authorized to use the Service by your parent or guardian who is at least 18 years of age.  If any person accepts this EULA on your behalf, then you hereby represent and warrant that such person is your duly authorized agent (each, an **“Agent”**) and you are bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this EULA.  Further, you hereby represent and warrant that if you or your Agent accept this EULA on behalf of a “loan out” or other company through or for which you conduct any business, then (i) such entity will be bound by the terms and conditions in this EULA and all references to “you” in the EULA will refer to such entity (except for those in these subsections (i) and (ii) of this Section 1.e); and (ii) such entity will cause you to, and you will, perform all obligations under and comply with this EULA.  
    6. Additional Terms.  AltVR may include additional terms on the Service that apply to your participation in any special initiatives, events or other offerings.  In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the EULA and any such additional terms, this EULA will control solely to the extent of the conflict or inconsistency.

**2. The Service.**
    1. Description.  The Service provides you with access to a variety of virtual environments where you can attend events, socialize with other Users, play fun games and view interesting photographs, audiovisual works and/or other content.  The Service also allows you to upload, transmit or post (collectively, **“Post”**) User Content to the Service.  Further, the Service provides you with the opportunity to collaborate with other Users on various projects to develop virtual reality content (each, a **“Development Project”**).  Lastly, we may create live streams depicting your use of the Service (**“Live Streams”**) and make them available on External Sites (defined in Section 7 below), and we may also record events that take place in meeting or event spaces on the Service that are accessible to all Users (defined below) (**“Recordings”**), which may include User Content.  As used in this EULA, the term **“User”** means any person who accesses and/or uses the Service.  
    2. This application allows presenters to display YouTube videos from the YouTube service.  Your access to the YouTube service is subject to the [YouTube Terms of Service and privacy statement](https://www.youtube.com/static?template=terms).
    3. Messages.  You may send messages to others via email, SMS or other messaging service on the Service (collectively, **“Messages”**).  You agree that (i) you will only send Messages through the Service to others who have given you their prior express consent to receive such Messages; (ii) you, and only you, take all actions necessary to initiate and send all Messages that you transmit to others through the Service, and AltVR is merely a technology provider that plays no active role whatsoever in initiating and/or sending such Messages; and (iii) you will indemnify and hold AltVR harmless from any and all claims and losses arising out of your sending Messages to others through the Service to the fullest extent permitted by law.  Without limiting the foregoing, you are solely responsible for all fees and charges associated with any Messages you send through the Service, including, without limitation, any fees or charges imposed by your Carrier.   
    4. Mobile Services.  The Service will be accessible via a mobile phone, tablet, or other wireless device (collectively, **“Mobile Services”**).  Your Carrier’s normal data and other rates and fees will apply to your use of the Mobile Services.  In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your Carrier.  Therefore, you are solely responsible for checking with your Carrier to determine if the Mobile Services are available for your mobile device(s), what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to your use of the Mobile Services, and how much they will cost you.  Nevertheless, all use of Mobile Services must be in accordance with this EULA.
    5. Translation and Transcription.  In order to facilitate community and to create a welcoming environment for many users, AltVR allows users to view a transcription of words spoken by other users, and also facilitates the translation of spoken and written words, at the user’s option.  When you elect to participate in an AltSpace event, your words are automatically eligible for translation and transcription.   Translations and transcriptions are created using Microsoft Speech Services, so they may not always be accurate.  We let users know this when they choose to receive translated or transcribed text.

**3. Registration.**
    1. Log-In Credentials.  In order to enjoy the full benefits of the Service you must register an account with us (an **“Account”**).  
    2. Account Security.  You are responsible for the security of your Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your credentials.  You agree to notify AltVR immediately at altvr.com/support if you suspect or know of any unauthorized use of your log-in credentials or any other breach of security with respect to your Account.  AltVR will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your credentials prior to you notifying AltVR of such unauthorized use or loss of your credentials.  Separate log-in credentials may be required to access External Sites.
    3. Accuracy of Information.  When creating an Account, you will provide true, accurate, current, and complete information.  You will update the information about yourself promptly, and as necessary, to keep it current and accurate.  We reserve the right to disallow, cancel, remove, or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice, suspend or terminate your Account if activities occur on your Account which, in our sole discretion, would or might constitute a violation of this EULA, cause damage to or impair the Service, infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any laws or regulations.  If messages sent to the e-mail address you provide are returned as undeliverable, then AltVR may terminate your Account immediately without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party.  

**4. Intellectual Property Rights**
    1. License.  Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with this EULA, AltVR hereby grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free and worldwide right and license to access and use the Service solely for your personal, non-commercial use and solely in strict compliance with the provisions of this EULA.  For clarity, the preceding license applies to your use of any AltVR software development kit.   
    2. Content.  Except for User Content, the content that AltVR provides to Users on or through the Service, including, without limitation, any text, audiovisual works (including Live Streams and Recordings), sound recordings, graphics, photos, software, and interactive features, is protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights and owned by AltVR or its third party licensors (collectively, the **“AltVR Content”**).  Moreover, as between AltVR and you, AltVR solely owns all design rights, database and compilation rights and other intellectual property rights in and to the Service, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and any related goodwill.  
    3. Marks.  The AltVR trademarks, service marks, and logos (collectively, the **“AltVR Trademarks”**) used and displayed on the Service are AltVR’s registered and/or unregistered trademarks or service marks.  Other product and service names located on the Service may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (collectively with the AltVR Trademarks, the **“Trademarks”**).  Except as otherwise permitted by law, you may not use the Trademarks to disparage AltVR or the applicable third party, AltVR’s or a third party’s products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks.  You may not use any Trademarks as part of a link to or from any Service without AltVR’s prior express written consent.  All goodwill generated from the use of any AltVR Trademark will inure solely to AltVR’s benefit.  
    4. Restrictions.  AltVR hereby reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this Section 4.  Accordingly, nothing in this EULA or on the Service will be construed as granting to you, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any additional license rights in and to the Service or any AltVR Content or Trademarks located or displayed therein.    

**5. User Content.**  
    1. Definition.  **“User Content”** means any content that Users Post on or to the Service including, without limitation, any text, photographs, sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), other audiovisual content, Personal Characteristics (defined below) and any other works subject to protection under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, patent, trademark, trade secret, and/or copyright laws.  **“Personal Characteristics”** means your likeness, name, voice, image, persona and any other personal attributes that you provide or make available to AltVR in videos, audiovisual works, sound recordings and/or photographs.  For the avoidance of doubt, User Content excludes any and all AltVR Content and Feedback (defined in Section 8 below).  
    2. Intellectual Property Rights.  SUBJECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS IN ANY PREEXISTING CONTENT INCLUDED WITHIN YOUR USER CONTENT, YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE IN YOUR USER CONTENT AND POSTING YOUR USER CONTENT TO THE SERVICE DOES NOT TRANSFER OWNERSHIP OF SUCH RIGHTS.  
    3. Licenses to User Content.  
        1. License to AltVR.  You hereby grant AltVR an unrestricted, assignable, sublicensable, revocable, royalty-free license throughout the universe to reproduce (including in timed relation to visual images), distribute, publicly display, communicate to the public, publicly perform (including by means of digital audio transmissions and on a through-to-the-audience basis), make available, create derivative works from, retransmit from External Sites, and otherwise exploit and use (collectively, “Use”) all User Content you Post on or to the Service by any means and through any media and formats now known or hereafter developed (and, for clarity and without limiting the preceding terms in this Section 5.c.i, with respect to Personal Recordings, as embodied in Live Streams and/or Recordings), for the purposes of (i) advertising, marketing, and promoting AltVR and the Service; (ii) displaying and sharing your User Content to other Users of the Service; and (iii) providing the Service as authorized by this EULA and conducting AltVR’s business.  You must not Post any User Content on or through the Service or transmit to AltVR any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.  Any User Content Posted by you on or to the Service or transmitted to AltVR will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by AltVR, and may be used by AltVR in accordance with this EULA without notice to you and without any liability to AltVR.  For the avoidance of doubt, and by way of example and not limitation, the rights granted in the preceding sentences of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis.  This means that you are granting AltVR the right to Use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner (e.g., a record label), a musical work copyright owner (e.g., a music publisher), a performing rights organization (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a **“PRO”**), a sound recording PRO (e.g., SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers, or other royalty participants involved in the creation of any User Content.  
        2. License to Other Users.  If you Post any User Content on the Service in connection with a Development Project (**“Development Project User Content”**), then you hereby grant all other Users a non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of any copyrights), irrevocable, transferable, sublicenseable, worldwide and royalty-free license to use, reproduce, create derivative works of, publicly display and perform, distribute, adapt, modify, combine with other  materials or content and otherwise exploit your Development Project User Content to contribute to Development Projects on the Service or other projects outside of the Service.  For the avoidance of doubt, (A) you retain ownership rights to your Development Project User Content; and (B) if you remove or delete any Development Project User Content from the Service, then the license granted in this Section will survive in perpetuity with respect to any work that incorporates any Development Project User Content.
    4. You Must Have Rights to the Content You Post.  You must not Post any User Content to the Service if you are not the copyright owner of or are not fully authorized to grant rights in all of the elements of that User Content.  In addition, if you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recording, then you must not Post such sound recording to the Service until you have all necessary rights, authorizations, and permissions with respect to such embedded musical works that grant you sufficient rights to grant the licenses to AltVR under this EULA.  You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content Posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this EULA; (ii) the Posting and Use of your User Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights, or any other rights of any person, including, but not limited to, the rights of any person visible in any of your User Content; (iii) the Posting of your User Content on the Service will not require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties, fees, compensation or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties; and (iv) the Posting of your User Content on the Service does not result in a breach of contract between you and a third party.  You agree to pay all monies owing to any person as a result of Posting your User Content on the Service.  AltVR may require you to provide sufficient evidence of having all necessary rights, licenses, authorizations, permissions, and clearances for any of your User Content that you Post on or to the Service, and if you fail to provide such evidence within a reasonable period of time (as determined by AltVR in its sole discretion), then AltVR may remove some or all of your User Content from the Service and/or terminate your Account, without any liability to you.  You are solely responsible for keeping copies of such evidence.
    5. Specific Rules for Musical Works.  If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through this EULA to us.  You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO’s reporting obligations.  If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in this EULA or have such music publisher enter into this EULA with us.  Just because you authored a musical work (e.g., wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in this EULA.  
    6. Through-To-The-Audience Rights.  All of the rights you grant in this EULA are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of External Sites will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content Posted or Used on such External Sites via the Service.  
    7. Waiver of Rights to User Content.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, by Posting User Content to the Service, you hereby (i) waive all rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content; (ii) waive all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof (including, without limitation, with respect to any avatar you may use on the Service and any Live Streams and/or Recordings which may include your Personal Characteristics); and (iii) release AltVR and its affiliates (collectively, the **“AltVR Parties”**) from all claims in connection with any use of your Personal Characteristics by the AltVR Parties.  To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you further hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain, or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post on or through the Service.
    8. No Liability.  For the avoidance of doubt, AltVR will not be liable for any unauthorized use of User Content by any User.
    9. Objectionable Content.  You are not permitted to and agree not to Post any User Content to the Service that is or could be interpreted to be (i) abusive, bullying, defamatory, harassing, harmful, hateful, inaccurate, infringing, libelous, objectionable, obscene, offensive, pornographic, shocking, threatening, unlawful, violent, or vulgar; or (ii) promoting any product, good or service, or bigotry, discrimination, hatred, racism, or inciting violence, in each of clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section, as AltVR may determine in its sole discretion (collectively, **“ObjectionableContent”**). The Posting of any Objectionable Content may subject you to third party claims and none of the rights granted to you in this EULA may be raised as a defense against any third party claims arising from your Posting of Objectionable Content.  If you encounter any Objectionable Content on the Service, then please inform us through the functionality offered on the Service.  You acknowledge and agree that AltVR provides you the right to report Objectionable Content as a courtesy, and AltVR has no obligation to remove or take any other action with respect to any Objectionable Content on the Service that you report to us.  AltVR may terminate, suspend, warn or take other appropriate actions against Users for Posting Objectionable Content to the Service, including, but not limited to, the removal of all User Content Posted to the Service by a User.
**6. Restrictions on Use of the Service.**
    1. Without limiting any other terms of this EULA, when using the Service, you agree not to (and not to attempt to):  
        1. use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service, or any activity conducted on the Service;
        2. decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software or source code comprising or making up the Service;
        3. delete or alter any material AltVR or any other person or entity Posts on the Service;
        4. frame or link to any of the materials or information available on the Service, or live stream any such content;
        5. use or exploit any Trademarks, AltVR Content, or User Content in any manner that is not expressly authorized by this EULA;
        6. access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, AltVR’s (and its hosting company’s) computer systems and infrastructure, or the technical delivery systems of AltVR’s providers;
        7. provide any false personal information to AltVR;
        8. create a false identity or impersonate another person or entity in any way;
        9. create a new Account with AltVR, without AltVR’s express written consent, if AltVR has previously disabled an Account of yours;
        10. solicit personal information (including, but not limited to, photographs) from other Users of the Service;
        11. restrict, discourage, or inhibit any person from using the Service, disclose personal information about any third party without the consent of that person;
        12. use the Service to (A) send Messages to others who have requested that you not send them Messages; or (B) send Messages to others who have not given you their express consent to receive such Messages;
        13. use the Service, without AltVR’s prior express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
        14. gain unauthorized access to the Service, to other Users’ Accounts, names, or personally identifiable information, or to other computers or websites connected or linked to the Service;
        15. Post any virus, worm, spyware, or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to disable, overburden, impair, damage, or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other aspect of the Service or communications equipment and computers connected to the Service;
        16. access the Service from a device other than your own;
        17. violate any federal, state, or local laws or regulations or the terms of this EULA; or
        18. assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the activities described above.  
    7. **External Sites.**  The Service may contain links to or the ability to share information with other websites or other online properties that are not owned or controlled by AltVR (collectively, “External Sites”).  AltVR does not endorse any content on such External Sites.  The content of such External Sites is not developed or provided by AltVR.  You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such content located on such External Sites.  AltVR is not responsible for the content of any External Sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of any materials on such External Sites.  You should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your devices from viruses and other destructive programs.  If you decide to access any External Sites, then you do so at your own risk.  Further, you will be solely responsible for compliance with any terms of service or similar terms imposed by any External Site in connection with your use of External Sites.  
    8. **Feedback.**  While our own staff works to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the User community.  If you choose to contribute by sending AltVR or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively **“Feedback”**), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided.  Accordingly, by sending Feedback to AltVR, you agree that:  
        1. AltVR has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;
        2. Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and AltVR is not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
        3. You irrevocably grant AltVR perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge, and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.
    9. **Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Infringements.**  
        1. Respect of Third Party Rights.  AltVR respects the intellectual property of others and takes the protection of intellectual property very seriously, and we ask our Users to do the same.  Infringing activity will not be tolerated on or through the Service.
        2. Repeat Infringer Policy.  AltVR’s intellectual property policy is to (i) remove or disable access to material that AltVR believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or his or her agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the Service; and (ii) remove any User Content Posted to the Service by “repeat infringers.”  AltVR currently considers a “repeat infringer” to be any User that has Posted User Content or Feedback on or to the Service and for whom AltVR has received more than two takedown notices compliant with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. § 512 with respect to such User Content or Feedback.  AltVR has discretion, however, to terminate the Account of any User after receipt of a single Notification of Claimed Infringement (defined in Section 9.c below) or upon AltVR’s own determination.  
        3. Procedure for Reporting Claimed Infringement.  If you wish to send a notice of intellectual property infringement, including claims of copyright infringement, please use our procedures for submitting Notices of Infringement (https://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtInfrg.aspx). ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THIS PROCEDURE WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE 
        10. Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver. If You Live In (or If a
        Business Your Principal Place of Business Is In) the United States. We hope we never have a
        dispute, but if we do, you and we agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally. If we can’t,
        you and we agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association
        (“AAA”) under the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or
        jury. Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide and the arbitrator’s decision will be final except for
        a limited right of review under the FAA. Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private
        attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative
        capacity aren’t allowed. Nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all
        parties. “We,” “our,” and “us” includes AltVR’s affiliates.
        •
        a. Disputes Covered—Everything Except IP. The term “dispute” is as broad as it can be.
        It includes any claim or controversy between you and us concerning the Service, the
        software related to the Services, the Services’ or software’s price, your Microsoft
        account, or these Terms, under any legal theory including contract, warranty, tort,
        statute, or regulation, except disputes relating to the enforcement or validity of your, your
        licensors’, our, or our licensors’ intellectual property rights.
        •
        b. Mail a Notice of Dispute First. If you have a dispute and our customer service
        representatives can’t resolve it, send a Notice of Dispute by U.S. Mail to Microsoft
        Corporation, ATTN: CELA Arbitration, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399,
        U.S.A. Tell us your name, address, how to contact you, what the problem is, and what
        you want. A form is available at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=245499. We’ll do
        the same if we have a dispute with you. After 60 days, you or we may start an arbitration if the dispute is unresolved.
        •
        c. Small Claims Court Option. Instead of mailing a Notice of Dispute, you may sue us in
        small claims court in your county of residence (or if a business your principal place of
         
        business) or King County, Washington, U.S.A. if you meet the court’s requirements.
        •
        d. Arbitration Procedure. The AAA will conduct any arbitration under its Commercial
        Arbitration Rules (or if you are an individual and use the Services for personal or
         
        household use, or if the value of the dispute is $75,000 or less whether or not you are an
        individual or how you use the Services, its Consumer Arbitration Rules). For more
        information, see www.adr.org or call 1-800-778-7879. To start an arbitration, submit the
        form available at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=245497 to the AAA and mail a
         
         
        copy to us. In a dispute involving $25,000 or less, any hearing will be telephonic unless
        the arbitrator finds good cause to hold an in-person hearing instead. Any in-person
        hearing will take place in your county of residence (or if a business your principal place
        of business) or our principal place of business—King County, Washington if your dispute
        is with AltVR. You choose. The arbitrator may award the same damages to you
        individually as a court could. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief
        only to you individually to satisfy your individual claim.
        •
        e. Arbitration Fees and Payments.
        o
        i. Disputes Involving $75,000 or Less. We will promptly reimburse your filing fees
        and pay the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses. If you reject our last
        written settlement offer made before the arbitrator was appointed, your dispute
        goes all the way to an arbitrator’s decision (called an “award”), and the arbitrator
        awards you more than this last written offer, we will: (i) pay the greater of the
        award or $1,000; (ii) pay your reasonable attorney’s fees, if any; and (iii)
        reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your
        attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim
        in arbitration.
        o
        ii. Disputes Involving More than $75,000. The AAA rules will govern payment of
        filing fees and the AAA’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.
        •
        f. Conflict with AAA Rules. These Terms govern to the extent they conflict with the AAA’s
        Commercial Arbitration Rules or Consumer Arbitration Rules.
        •
        g. Must File Within One Year. You and we must file in small claims court or arbitration
        any claim or dispute (except intellectual property disputes—see section 15(a)) within one
        year from when it first could be filed. Otherwise, it’s permanently barred.
        •
        h. Rejecting Future Arbitration Changes. You may reject any change we make to section
        15 (except address changes) by sending us notice within 30 days of the change by U.S.
        Mail to the address in section 15(b). If you do, the most recent version of section 15
        before the change you rejected will apply.
        •
        i. Severability. If the class action waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable as to all or
        some parts of a dispute, then those parts won’t be arbitrated but will proceed in court,
        with the rest proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of section 10 is found to be
         
         
        illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed but the rest of section 10 still
        applies.
    10. **Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties.**  THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION 11 APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW:  
        1. AltVR PARTIES DO NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, APPROPRIATENESS OR TIMELINESS THEREOF).  AS A RESULT, THE AltVR PARTIES WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY LIABILITY FOR (i) THE APPROPRIATENESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF ANY CONTENT ON THE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION CONVEYED TO ANY USER ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE; (ii) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR OMISSIONS IN SUCH CONTENT OR INFORMATION; OR (iii) ANY DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS TO THE SERVICE.  ACCORDINGLY, THE SERVICE AND ALL CONTENT THEREON ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND THE AltVR PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  CONSEQUENTLY, YOU AGREE THAT YOU SOLELY ASSUME ALL RISKS ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE.
        2. WITHOUT LIMITING SECTION 11.a, THE AltVR PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON ARE FREE OF ERRORS, COMPUTER VIRUSES, OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES.  IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT THEREON RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, THEN NO AltVR PARTY WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.  
        3. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY AltVR PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION RESULTING FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH AltVR PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. AltVR’S LIABILITY, AND THE LIABILITY OF ANY OF THE OTHER AltVR PARTIES, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO U.S. $100.  
    11. **Third Party Disputes.**  ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER OR OTHER USER), IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY.  ACCORDINGLY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE THE AltVR PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.  
    12. **Indemnification.**  To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the AltVR Parties from and against any claims, actions, or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from (a) your breach of this EULA; (b) your access to, use, or misuse of the AltVR Content or the Service; or (c) your User Content.  AltVR will provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding.  AltVR reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this Section if AltVR believes that you are unwilling or incapable of defending AltVR’s interests.  In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting AltVR’s defense of such matter at your expense.  
    13. **Term and Termination of the EULA.**  
        1. Term.  As between you and AltVR, the term of this EULA commences as of your first use of the Service and continues until the termination of this EULA by either you or AltVR.  
        2. Termination.  You may terminate this EULA by sending written notification to AltVR at [support@altvr.com](support@altvr.com) and terminating all other uses of the Service.  If you wish to delete any of your User Content from the Service, then you may do so using the permitted functionalities of the Service, but the removal or deletion of such User Content will not terminate this EULA.  AltVR reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this EULA and your access to all or any part of the Service at any time without prior notice or liability if you breach any provision of this EULA or violate the rights of any third party on or through the Service.  AltVR may further terminate this EULA for any other reason upon 10 days’ notice to you using the email address associated with your Account credentials or immediately in the event that your email address is no longer current.  AltVR reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the Service at any time without prior notice or liability.  
        3. Sections 1(a), 1(b), 1(d), 1(e), 1(f), 2, 3.b–3.c, 4–16 and any defined terms used in those Sections will survive the termination of this EULA indefinitely.
    14. **Consent to Electronic Communications.**  By using the Service, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in the Privacy Policy.  Please read the Privacy Policy to learn more about your choices regarding our electronic communications practices.  You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.  
    15. **Miscellaneous.**  This EULA is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Washington without respect to its conflict of laws provisions.  You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and AltVR as a result of this EULA or use of the Service.  You further acknowledge that by submitting User Content, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied, or other relationship is created between you and AltVR other than pursuant to this EULA.  If any provision of this EULA is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this EULA, which will remain in full force and effect.  Failure of AltVR to act on or enforce any provision of this EULA will not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this EULA.  No waiver will be effective against AltVR unless made in writing, and no such waiver will be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance.  Except as expressly agreed by AltVR and you, this EULA constitutes the entire agreement between you and AltVR with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein.  The Section headings are provided merely for convenience and will not be given any legal import.  This EULA will inure to the benefit of our successors and assigns.  You may not assign this EULA or any of the rights or licenses granted hereunder, directly or indirectly, without the prior express written consent of AltVR.  AltVR may assign this EULA, including all its rights hereunder, without restriction.
    16. **Contact Us.**  If you would like to contact us in connection with your use of the Service, then please contact us at One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 U.S.A, and by email at [support@altvr.com](support@altvr.com).